[Music]
No, well Marina. Well, look, it turns out
that related to what you're
telling me, it's forbidden to say names. eh, in
the chat it's forbidden to say the name of who do you
think it could be referring to?
We're not going to say any names. That's
because we don't know who it's
referring to. No, but be careful, Belén Esteban is
pissed off with this. Okay, with this about this
and that and that. And look what she said,
okay, that's suspicious,
parajas. I don't know if it will still work. There
were some gentlemen who
would provide you with the passenger list of
any flight you wanted,
any flight that arrived or departed from
Barajas. I had them. But I had
a journalist who we love here very much,
but we didn't like him very much, we didn't like him very much, that
his wife worked in a
travel agency and she would go in and see where people went
between cruises. Don't say anything, don't say anyone. eh.
No, no, I'm not going to tell you one thing. eh. They
leaked it to me, look, so you can
see, related to this topic.
Thank you very much for reminding me, they leaked it to me
and Belén. I told Belén,
as time went by,  we laughed eh
Belén Esteban's farewell before
getting married to Miguel I knew the
flight number for the outbound and return flights, the hotel,
the room number, eh absolutely
everything, the time of the plane eh for the outbound and
return flights, but about Belén and 1000
other people, there's nothing. There's no
one, like, like whoever works there,
like who leaks information to you. Of course, of course, of
course, and there are people, in this case, I mean,
in the end, the agencies, when you work in
an agency, the agencies have their
sources in the airports, and most
of the time I remember with a microphone in
hand. I knew if Alba Carrillos was going to the
ponia at 5, at 6, on
the international flight, at 9, that's
why I always see this, that it would be a
person who works in a
travel agency, no, it would be under some control,
no, in this case, in a travel agency,
as Belén says, it's another of the op
travel agencies, in this case, but [ __ ] that's
very random, don't be fate, you, the
travel agency that's there. Hey, if by any chance
a famous person passes by  Let me know no no because
travel agencies have they have
well no because travel agencies
know it depends on the flights but if it's not the
same It's not the same with an
airport I mean there's nothing like
working in an airport that's that an
airport rather not someone who
works in an airport you don't know what that is
wait I'm going to listen
again I'm going to listen to it again Sorry sorry that's what I
suspect Barajas I don't
know if it still works there were some
gentlemen who would provide you with the
passenger list of any flight you
wanted of any flight that arrived
or departed from Barajas I had them Sorry I said I'd say
Sorry there was a
journalist that we love here very much but
not really loving him badly that his wife
worked in a travel agency and she would go in
and see where people went between you and me I
get on a cruise ship
disguised let's go with the Madeo program
clearer than water the white horse of
Santiago Okay then There you go There you go it's let's
see but those are contacts and
each one not having their own thing
their thing their thing I mean in the end it is It's
that  It has come to give a lot of money
to magazines at the time now because
what is it not worth it now it is not worth it
but not a chance because now you know
what happens eh the social networks Belén
Belén was the first one who said a long
time ago that she dedicated herself to publishing
her vacations on social networks
to avoid the magazines taking
money on the covers the papar chis and
such or rather it is well let's see in the end
well she is grateful Of course but it's like let's
see you know they don't always know where
the famous people are when they don't always know J at
the airport they always know when
the famous people are when this one travels when
the other one travels of course it is known that they are through
contact this one contact the other no longer
F these are things that well Who is going to take is
going to report that no no but then there are
people who know the plane because you not
only know the flight
you are on you know the seat number And if one
goes in the four the other gets in the 70
and disguises himself and follows him until no no no that it is that
or rather wow that must have been
exciting I would have loved to live it for
a few months that in the  golden age I mean
the Ibiza era of the I can't
explain much to you there but I would have
loved to live it
for a few months, that, that, Adventure man, I mean, like disguising yourself as the good old days when that made money, I don't know, it has to be, I don't know, it has to have its point but no longer, no longer, no longer, now it is now it is anyway
But well, but you see, I don't understand, I understand
that there will be an
irregularity maybe by the person
responsible for the information but
administrative data protection
something like that I don't know or I mean, I don't
see it as scandalous either, the truth is what there are
things that I mean, for example, I see more of
a hospital, a police record, something like that
but a topic of you going to travel
that anyone can see you at the
airport, no, I don't know, I mean, it's not like, well, do
n't believe it because they are very, it's not
possible, it's not possible but of course I don't see it
so little, no, I don't know, the truth is, I don't want to
tell you that they sneak away, they hide, they are
like very discreet then we have already
seen that they don't expose themselves and some more
than others but in that era you are that
no, they are not [ __ ]' come on  me topless Let's
see it's true in the end things are
as they are to Caesar the Caesar the
topless of Lady d that gives one thing one thing is
that you are in the exact moment
in the exact place and take that photo, let's say
the photo I believe is the best paid in
history, he took it it's true and among many
others let's say it seems like a
fantasy to me, I don't know, the same as other things, I
know, well the modus operandi can be more or less
criticized because yes
ethically yes but I don't know how to live that
experience in the golden age because
now I tell you between
social networks and the characters Who, who are we
going to follow now eh aapi I mean that's the
most we aspire to, well
in the end well no And now I tell you
that many times I have come to sell
photos with my cell phone, like a photo of a
broncano with Silvia Alonso that I gave that
exclusive, look, now it would be worth more
money than at the time, I don't remember
what they paid me I took it with my cell phone,
well in the end the quacks parchis
bother them I mean boy I was at a party I
saw them  I took a photo and sold it, I was
selling exclusives, so what am I going to do?
You know, in the end it's like they buy
everything from you, you know, okay, okay, a little bit of everything, but yes, yes,
yes, it's strong, it's strong, but
come on, Belén, Belén, there with her resentment,
Begoña Herpe invites you. I already have several
live shows with Begoña Herpe on the
main channel, there are several programs with her,
eh, Begoña Herpe, tomorrow she's on
Iker's program, eh. By the way, in case you
want to see her, she's here, Pablo. Look, one
thing, after doing the live show with
Frank and Dani, what do you have left with Mario and
Cholo Simeons or something? Well, I don't know, Pablo. I
still have a pretty
interesting list of people who are going, we're going to
try to get the podcast to come. So I
promise to surprise you. But don't go
too far, I might need you this
weekend, eh, wait. I need Anabel. She has
uploaded photos on her Instagram of the plane. It's
not like she's discreet either, it's that I'm
also telling you, boy, I mean, that's
normally done, what is done, damn, I
even do it. It's that you upload stories
that are already recorded from another time, maybe
a few hours.  from you too that ap me
man of course I mean what do you want me to know
It's that people are capable you upload a
photo sitting in Las
Palomas park and there's a lady who catches you
there that Javi is on that bench I go
there and I'm there with the children with my
mother or I mean it doesn't hit then you do
that of course or someone who wants to hit you
No now that people are like very aggressive
not suddenly how am I going to give them my
location Of course but who is going to
want to hit you being of light Who no
who no no who
no i